Wow, why did it come out?
Haven't you fixed it yet?
What the hell is going on?
The group president actually cancelled the engagement
As long as he wants
Then I will also stand with him
Because we can't be apart
Mr. Fan, are you empathizing?
Or pedal on a few boats?
So you and your secretary are true love
Then why did you want to talk to Chu Chu in the first place?
Lady is engaged
Well, anyway.
That's it for today.
Please leave my house
Trespassing
Aren't you afraid of a lawsuit?
Oh, Mr. Fan
We're leaving. We're leaving.
Let's go, you go too
I don't want to see your butler send them away again
It's a pig
Hey
Are we going too far today?
Will not
I won't let anyone have the opportunity to hurt you
Humph
Ha ha.
If you find that you are not welcome, you will get out of here immediately.
That bitch
I will never let him win
Wait for me.
It's all my fault for not getting things done
Of course it's your fault.
Blame you, blame you
What do you want mom to do?
You don't blame mom for what she does
What do I need you to do?
I want you to kill him. Do you dare?
Do you dare? Don't you dare?
I can only rely on myself I can't rely on anyone else